Before you die
Tell me again and again
We must take good care of our daughter
But now
What you get is your daughter's thoughts
I feel sorry for you.
After all, we were wrong about him.
The emperor of Xuan Kingdom changed
I'm eyeing
The empress is weak
The daughter of the emperor has not yet been seen
I went to war with my husband
Although the war is victorious
But the experimental general stayed forever
In that war
The emperor removed his armor and returned to the field
Unfortunately, my daughter was kidnapped
The emperor found his daughter with warm jade
But now it's fate
Fortunately, the emperor still has you as an adopted daughter
Not always let down
Xiaoyun
Is that you?
I'm Liu Ru, the midwife when you gave birth to your daughter.
Do you still remember me?
I remember now.
I was tough back then
Thanks to you
That's all for you and your daughter.
When you gave birth to your daughter, you collapsed and passed out
Don't you know how expensive your daughter is?
Big nose eyes
I have picked up so many children
It's the first time I've seen it.
You were born like a porcelain doll
I think, when this daughter grows up
Must have the beauty of a country
And he has a butterfly birthmark behind his ear
My daughter has been dead for a long time
I remember now.
I have something to do at home
I'm going back.
moral
It's okay, I'm your daughter too.
In the future, I can give you a pension
You still have me